Of course!
We volunteer with Mengmeng, that's a pair
Don't ask if we will get together or break up?
You volunteer
I am with you today.
Your company can have so many projects
It's all me silently helping you behind your back
And now you're breaking up with me?
You shut up
My son can start a company, that's my son's ability
What does it have to do with you?
To tell you the truth, our neighbor?
There is already a later.
Oh you
Die away from me
What do you mean?
Zhiyuan, tell him to give up
Yes, Mengmeng is pregnant with my child
And it's probably a boy.
Zhiyuan
You cheated online
How can you be so righteous?
What derailment
At first, you were so shameless to stick it up
Hmm, just you
Deserving of our neighbor
Hillbilly who can't be mentioned
Stay away from me
Is your three-year relationship a joke?
Love doesn't come first
I'll cut the line, shut up
So what are our previous eachother alliances?
What a fart haha
Zhiyuan, the reason why I put up with you for three years
He thinks you are rich and powerful
Oh, yeah.
Volunteer for you to speak
Is he talking nonsense?
You didn't take advantage of me, did you?
Say something.
Volunteer not to be crying here